better than the game of 'fast and furious'
6 which is all
how bad this game is in the language
English but in itself it allows us
ease of buying like all career
it's a street race that at the moment
of winning races between races
come on we get money for that
compete with the other opponents with
others
in cars that are
in the circuit as we can observe
We enter this race this
street at the moment if we arrived first
they are going to give us 235 dollars this way
more of his presentation of the discarding of
this game car rising
how can we carry in the bottom
We have the controls to get there
to first second third as they can
be wands I'm tied with the
opponent let's see if I can
review and unfortunately I could not and
As you can see , review it
opponent of my left hand of
this way this important game in
this game only weighs 45 megabyte what
you can download free of the play loop in
which I 'll leave the link in the
bottom of this game itself
game is very good we can not complain
the graphics for example we have to
buy reinforce our car this
way we can rotate to see what
see how our car we have the
Turbo
and tacna to increase buy the micro
to be able to like that 95 and they give me a diamond
Diamonds allow you to buy cars
as you can see carso
these are the cars that we are
which the cars themselves cost very
expensive but when passing the
levels and with sharing the battle of
Race against opponents go
obtained money or also diamonds from
this way the car costs for example
two thousand 699 dollars which still not
I have a lot of money to be able to buy
this game itself is very good what
important that weighs only 45
megabyte which is to acquire it for
all lovers of games on android
in this way we are allowed this
game for career lovers like
I tell him at the bottom I'm going to leave